A house is just a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff.
Always do whatever's next.
And now, in the interest of equal time, here is a message from the National Institute of Pancakes: It reads, and I quote, “Fuck waffles.”
As soon as someone is identified as an unsung hero, he no longer is.
At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
Beethoven was so hard of hearing, he thought he was a painter.
Bowling is not a sport because you have to rent the shoes.
Boxing is a more sophisticated form of hockey.
By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
Capitalism tries for a delicate balance: It attempts to work things out so that everyone gets just enough stuff to keep them from getting violent and trying to take other people’s stuff.
Catholic — which I was until I reached the age of reason.
Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight actually is cheaper, less crowded, and has a better view.
Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
Don Ho can sign autographs 3.4 times faster than Efrem Zimbalist Jr.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
Do you think Sammy Davis ate Junior Mints?
Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established.
Electricity is really just organized lightning.
Eventually, alas, I realized the main purpose of buying cocaine is to run out of it.
Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
George Washington’s brother, Lawrence, was the Uncle of Our Country.
God bless the homicidal maniacs. They make life worthwhile.
Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
Have you ever noticed that their stuff is shit and your shit is stuff?
Have you ever noticed that the lawyer always smiles more than the client?
Have you ever wondered why Republicans are so interested in encouraging people to volunteer in their communities? It’s because volunteers work for no pay. Republicans have been trying to get people to work for no pay for a long time.
Have you noticed that most of the women who are against abortion are women you wouldn’t want to fuck in the first place? There’s such balance in nature.
Here’s a bumper sticker I’d like to see: “We are the proud parents of a child who’s self-esteem is sufficient that he doesn’t need us promoting his minor scholastic achievements on the back of our car.”
Honesty may be the best policy, but it’s important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy.
Hooray for most things!
'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence?
I don’t have a fear of heights. I do, however, have a fear of falling from heights.
I don’t have pet peeves — I have major psychotic fucking hatreds!
I don’t like to think of laws as rules you have to follow, but more as suggestions.
If all our national holidays were observed on Wednesdays, we could wind up with nine-day weekends.
If a man smiles all the time, he’s probably selling something that doesn’t work.
If a movie is described as a romantic comedy, you can usually find me next door playing pinball.
If Helen Keller had psychic ability, would you say she had a fourth sense?
If it requires a uniform, it’s a worthless endeavor.
If it’s true that our species is alone in the universe, then I’d have to say that the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
If the Cincinnati Reds were really the first major league baseball team, who did they play?
If the cops didn’t see it, I didn’t do it!
If we could just find out who's in charge, we could kill him.
If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
If you live long enough, sooner or later everybody you know has cancer.
If you’ve got a cat and a leg, you’ve got a happy cat. If you’ve got a cat and two legs, you’ve got a party.
I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
I knew a transsexual guy whose only ambition is to eat, drink, and be Mary.
I love and treasure individuals as I meet them; I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.
I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it.
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect.
In America, anyone can become president. That’s the problem.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
I never fucked a ten, but one night, I fucked five twos.
I never joined the Boy Scouts. I don’t trust any organization that has a handbook.
Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist.
Instead of warning pregnant women not to drink, I think female alcoholics ought to be told not to fuck.
I put a dollar in a change machine. Nothing changed.
I recently went to a new doctor and noticed he was located in something called the Professional Building. I felt better right away.
Isn’t it a bit unnerving that doctors call what they do “practice”?
I think everyone should treat one another in a Christian manner. I will not, however, be responsible for the consequences.
I think I am, therefore, I am. I think.
I think it’s the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately.
I think it would be interesting if old people got anti-Alzheimer's disease where they slowly began to recover other people's lost memories.
I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.
It isn’t fair: the caterpillar does all the work, and the butterfly gets all the glory.
I used to be Irish Catholic. Now I’m an American — you know, you grow.
I’ve never seen a homeless guy with a bottle of Gatorade.
I wanna live. I don’t wanna die. That’s the whole meaning of life: Not dying! I figured that shit out by myself in the third grade.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me - they're cramming for their final exam.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to two pieces of wood.
Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
Just think, right now as you read this, some guy somewhere is gettin’ ready to hang himself.
Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it.
Life is a zero sum game.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
“Meow” means “woof” in cat.
Most of the time people feel okay. Probably it’s because at the moment they’re not actually dying.
Most people with low self-esteem have earned it.
Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
“No comment” is a comment.
No one knows what’s next, but everybody does it.
No one who has had “Taps” played for them has ever been able to hear it.
Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
Once you leave the womb, conservatives don’t care about you until you reach military age. Then you’re just what they’re looking for. Conservatives want live babies so they can raise them to be dead soldiers.
One can never know for sure what a deserted area looks like.
One great thing about getting old is that you can get out of all sorts of social obligations just by saying you’re too tired.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
“One thing leads to another”? Not always. Sometimes one thing leads to the same thing. Ask an addict.
People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think.
Property is theft. Nobody “owns” anything. When you die, it all stays here.
Religion has convinced people that there’s an invisible man…living in the sky, who watches everything you do every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a list of ten specific things he doesn’t want you to do. And if you do any of these things, he will send you to a special place, of burning and fire and smoke and torture and anguish for you to live forever, and suffer and burn and scream until the end of time. But he loves you. He loves you and he needs money.
Religion is just mind control.
Reminds me of something my third-grade teacher said to us. She said, “You show me a tropical fruit and I’ll show you a cocksucker from Guatemala.”
So far, this is the oldest I’ve been.
Soft rock music isn’t rock, and it ain’t music. It’s just soft.
So I say, “Live and let live.” That’s my motto. “Live and let live.” Anyone who can’t go along with that, take him outside and shoot the motherfucker. It’s a simple philosophy, but it’s always worked in our family.
Somehow I enjoy watching people suffer.
Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
Standing ovations have become far too commonplace. What we need are ovations where the audience members all punch and kick one another.
Swimming is not a sport. Swimming is a way to keep from drowning. That’s just common sense!
The best thing about living at the water’s edge: You only have assholes on three sides of you, and if they come this way you can hear them splash.
The future will soon be a thing of the past.
The Golden Gate Bridge should have a long bungee cord for people who aren’t quite ready to commit suicide but want to get in a little practice.
The IQ and the life expectancy of the average American recently passed each other in opposite directions.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music.
The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
The planet is fine. The people are fucked.
The real reason that we can’t have the Ten Commandments in a courthouse: You cannot post “Thou shalt not steal,” “Thou shalt not commit adultery,” and “Thou shalt not lie” in a building full of lawyers, judges, and politicians. It creates a hostile work environment.
There are 400,000 words in the English language, and there are seven you can’t say on television. What a ratio that is! 399,993 to 7. They must really be baaaad. They must be OUTRAGEOUS to be separated from a group that large. “All of you words over here, you seven….baaaad words.” That’s what they told us, right? …You know the seven, don’t ya? That you can’t say on TV? Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker and tits.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
The reason they call it the American Dream is because you have to be asleep to believe it.
There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
The status quo sucks.
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.
Think off-center.
Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that.
Thou shalt keep thy religion to thyself.
Weather forecast for tonight: Dark. Continued dark overnight, with widely scattered light by morning.
Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?
What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?
What was the best thing before sliced bread?
What year did Jesus think it was?
When someone is impatient and says, 'I haven't got all day,' I always wonder, How can that be? How can you not have all day?
When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.
“When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?” This title offends all three major religions, and even vegetarians!
When you’re born you get a ticket to the freak show. When you’re born in America, you get a front-row seat.
When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands.
When you think about it, attention-deficit order makes a lot of sense. In this country there isn’t a lot worth paying attention to.
Whoever coined the term “Buyer Beware” was probably bleeding from the asshole.
You can prick your finger — just don’t finger your prick.
You can’t argue with a good blowjob.
You can’t fight City Hall, but you can goddamn sure blow it up.
You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar.
You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
