Before they met Chuck Norris, the Black Eyed Peas were simply known as "The Peas."
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris can dry clothes underwater.
Chuck Norris can hear his phone ring on silent.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
Chuck norris can punch a cyclops in between the eye.
Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris CAN touch MC Hammer.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a reflection in the mirror because it's afraid to look at Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't mow his lawn, he stands on the porch and dares it to grow.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't sweat. He forces the air around him to cry and uses it's tears to cool himself.
Chuck Norris doesn't turn on the lights, he turns off the dark.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
Chuck Norris is so persuasive that he convinced a mirror he wasn't there.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris once won an underwater breathing contest with a fish.
Chuck Norris once won the Indy 500 using Fred Flintstone's car.
Chuck Norris was bitten by a snake. Three days later the snake died.
Chuck Norris wasn't in The Expendables because he would finish the job in the movie trailer.
Chuck Norris was once stabbed by a knife, the knife bled to death.
Chuck Norris was supposed to play the lead role in Mission: Impossible. He was replaced by Tom Cruise because the tittle wouldn't make any sense.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience.
Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
If it looks like chicken tastes like chicken and smells like chicken and Chuck Norris says it's beef then it's beef.
Most kids pee their name into snow... Chuck Norris pisses his in concreate...
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
The only time Chuck Norris made a mistake was when he thought he made a mistake.
There is no chin behind Chuck Norris. beard. There is only another fist.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
Usually when kids go to sleep they sleep with a teddy bear...Chuck Norris sleeps with an actual bear.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
